#README

## Installation Instructions for Configuring Siemens SCADA to provide data to everSENSE

### Configure the Network
*Assumption: Ethernet Ports on the SCADA PC are already utilized*

**Requirement**
 - USB-Ethernet Converter
 - USB-Ethernet Converter Driver *as file or on CD*

 1. Insert the CD from the USB-Ethernet converter manufacturer into the *SCADA* PC
 2. Select the `.exe` file and install the driver.
 3. Connect the USB-Ethernet converter to the SCADA PC on any vacant USB port
 4. On the Windows Start Bar, *right-click* on the Network Icon and select *Open Network and Sharing Center*
 5. On Right-Hand Panel of Network and Sharing center choose the option *Change Adapter Settings*
 6. You should see your newly configured Network here
 7. Right-click and choose *Properties*
 8. In Properties Tab scroll down and select **IPv4** and then click *Properties* button below
 9. Select Use the following IP Address Option

  - Enter a LAN IP Address in the same series as the everSENSE Server's IP Address.
  For e.g - everSENSE Server Address - **192.168.100.25** then Enter IP which is not assigned (consult IT if required) like **192.168.100.230**
  - Enter Netmask as **255.255.255.0**
  - Enter Gateway as the same IP Address selected above (*192.168.100.230*)

10. Select OK.
11. Click on Start Button and select **Run**. Enter `cmd.exe` and Command Prompt should open
12. In command prompt enter `ipconfig`, in the block for our converter the IP address entered above should come
13. Connect everSENSE and SCADA PC using Ethernet Cable and Switch.
14. Try pinging the everSENSE Server from SCADA PC by using command
    `ping 192.168.100.25`
    **Substitute above IP Address for the actual IP Address of everSENSE**

Network Connection between the two has now been established.

### Start csv2modbus on SCADA PC
1. Paste the new HMI Application from the pendrive to the folder `C:\everSENSE`
2. Stop the running HMI Application.
3. Start the new HMI Application
4. After 30-60 seconds check that the file `data.csv` is created in the folder `C:\everSENSE`
5. If the file is generated successfully and values in it change every 30 seconds, paste the file `csv2modbus.exe` to the same folder
6. Run csv2modbus.exe, command prompt should open and you should see the same values in the output of command prompt.
7. The values should reappear every 5-10 seconds

### Check on everSENSE
1. In everSENSE on Device Settings, configure a TCP Channel with IP address of the SCADA PC and port as **5020** (NOTE - 5020 not 502)
2. Enter the parameters as F-32 registers like normal.
3. Save and check that communication is OK
4. Check that data is changing every 1/2 minutes.

###Done
